The paper presents a novel extension to arbitration graphs
by embedding verification steps and structured fallback
layers into the decision-making process. This is a
meaningful contribution as it addresses a critical
challenge in autonomous systemsâ€”handling unsafe or
erroneous behavior commands in real-time. The claimed
benefits, such as robust operation in the face of faults
and enabling the integration of experimental components,
are relevant for applications in autonomous driving and
robotics. The paper provides a satisfactory overview of
related works, citing foundational decision-making methods
such as FSMs, Behavior Trees, and arbitration graphs. The
proposed approach appears technically sound and
well-structured. The integration of verification logic
within arbitration graphs is detailed, and the fallback
mechanisms are described comprehensively. The modular
framework and bottom-up design are advantageous, enabling
incremental integration of behavior components. The
methodology for obtaining results is well-explained, with
clear descriptions of the simulations and the scenarios
tested. The availability of the source code and the Pac-Man
simulation on GitHub is commendable, ensuring
reproducibility.

However,
    1. While the theoretical underpinnings are clear, the
contribution could be more explicitly compared to other
contemporary fault-tolerant decision-making frameworks to
highlight its uniqueness.
    2. The analysis of the state of the art is somewhat
surface-level and does not critically engage with competing
approaches or recent advancements. For instance, other
modular and scalable decision-making architectures or
safety-critical systems in robotics and autonomous vehicles
could have been analyzed in greater depth. The references
are sufficient for contextualization but lack breadth in
exploring how this work directly advances the field.
    3. The success of the verification step heavily relies
on the accuracy of domain-specific verifiers. This
dependency raises questions about the adaptability of the
method across diverse environments, which the paper does
not fully address. Moreover, while the fallback mechanism
provides robustness, its performance in more complex,
real-world scenarios is not extensively tested.
    4. The validation in autonomous driving scenarios could
have included quantitative metrics beyond accident risk
reduction, such as computational efficiency or success
rates across a broader range of conditions. Additionally,
more details on the implementation of domain-specific
verifiers would strengthen confidence in reproducibility.

The paper provides a meaningful contribution to improving
arbitration graphs for autonomous decision-making,
addressing key challenges in safety and robustness. While
technically sound, the lack of a comprehensive analysis of
competing approaches and the limited validation in complex
scenarios detract slightly from its impact. If these
shortcomings can be addressed, the paper has strong
potential for advancing the field.