Comments to author (Associate Editor)
=====================================

This paper presents an extension to the arbitration graph
framework designed to improve the safety and reliability of
autonomous systems in dynamic environments. It introduces a
verification step and fallback layers into decision-making,
ensuring that only validated actions are performed while
maintaining system stability during errors or faults. The
method’s effectiveness is shown in simulation through the
Pac-Man game and validated afterward in an elementary
autonomous driving scenario (still in simulation). 

The bottom-up construction of the proposed architecture is
inspired from behavioral control architectures (as the
works of Akin or Brooks control architectures). The authors
emphasize that this approach allows for the incremental
integration of new behavior components, even those not
fully matured, without compromising overall system safety.
More details about this important feature of the proposed
architecture are very important to better understand the
proposed concepts.

It is suitable to have in the paper either a rigorous
comparison with state-of-the-art approaches or an
assessment of the statistical significance of the results.
The reviewers wonder whether it is possible to give a
mathematical formalization of the proposed approach to
confirm its optimality / sub-optimality.  

Several other open questions remain, such as how to prevent
overly cautious behavior from the verification step (how to
avoid too conservative navigation), reduce the complexity
of designing verifiers, and minimize computational overhead
for real-time performance, mainly in resource-limited
systems.


----------------------------------------
Comments on Video demonstration:

[None found]