Reviewer 7 of IV 2025 submission 362

Comments to the author
======================

This paper introduces an extension to the arbitration graph
framework aimed at enhancing the safety and robustness of
autonomous systems in dynamic environments. By
incorporating a verification step and structured fallback
layers into the decision-making process, the approach
ensures that only validated commands are executed while
allowing for graceful degradation in the presence of faults
or bugs. The effectiveness of this method is demonstrated
through a Pac-Man simulation and validated in an autonomous
driving scenario, showing significant safety improvements.

The paper is easy to follow and clearly explains the
concepts, allowing readers to understand the method
thoroughly. The figures are precise, but more refined
examples of arbitration graphs would be beneficial. The
authors claim that the proposed method suits complex system
behaviors; however, none of the examples effectively
demonstrate this, particularly concerning safety and
robustness.

The most notable issue is the lack of a proper experimental
and results section. In its current state, the paper only
demonstrates the feasibility of the concept through a
single, simple experiment. There is no rigorous comparison
with state-of-the-art approaches nor an assessment of the
statistical significance of the results. 